# Introduction

Crafting software is comprised of two phases: **building and distributing**.
The latter gets your creations in the hands of users,
and it's often referred to as *deployments* or just *shipping code*.
Since Gestalt focuses on the building phase,
when the distribution time comes,
crafters have to explore deployment solutions,
decide on one that's the most indicate for their projects,
and integrate it into their development workflow.
**Catalysis** takes the decision-making off you by providing a distribution solution that integrates seamlessly with Gestalt.
In other words, it's a deployment as a service solution.

Catalysis is powered by Gestalt,
which allows [dog-fooding the framework](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eating_your_own_dog_food) to get ideas for improvements and new features. **Users can deploy and maintain an instance of Catalysis to their infrastructure or use our paid hosted solution**.
We recommend the latter to financially support the project. The income generated by subscriptions is re-invested into the project.

:::info Gestalt and Catalysis

[Gestalt](https://www.verywellmind.com/what-is-gestalt-psychology-2795808) is a German word that roughly means *"configuration"* or the way things are put together to form a whole object. It captures the Gestalt' idea of grouping smaller pieces to form an integrated development experience. [Catalysis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catalysis), a process that increases the rate of a chemical reaction by adding a substance known as a catalyst, makes the Gestalt blocks react to form a ready-to-use and distributable piece of software.
:::
